They ask, can you have it all, faith and gold
But my gene is rich, my story is bold
From scholars and kings to the traders who thrive
With Islam in my heart, I learn and I rise
Faith in my heart, a mindset to grow
Building my dreams with the seeds that I sow
I can be wise, I can be strong
Being Muslim won't hold me back at all
I am Muslim, I stand tall
Success and faith, I claim that I'm all
With God as my guide and love in my soul
There are no limits, I'm reaching my goal
When Europe was lost in shadows so deep
We lit up the world, gave knowledge to keep
El Chorus near old numbers that shaped every trade
I am seen that healed hearts with the science it made
From Baghdad to Spain, our ways done would shine
Libraries, medicine, art so divine
We built a foundation for futures untold
While the world was in darkness, our minds turned to gold
Faith in my heart, a mindset to grow
Building my dreams with the seeds that I sow
I can be wise, I can be strong
Being Muslim won't hold me back at all
I am Muslim, I stand tall
Success and faith, I claim that I'm all
With God as my guide and love in my soul
There are no limits, I'm reaching my goal
When Europe was lost in shadows so deep